"Good times come and go, but the memories last forever" & Thank you Mohit & Harshit for making it a good one. Team was on point on Safety & Guidance. My fear of descent & rappelling was addressed with techniques and at no point I felt unsafe. Trekmunk, Subhash (guide) and our Cook ensured that we climb, eat, sleep and Chill well in the Himalayas. A movie night with popcorn & bread pakora at 13000 feet, what else could I have asked for ? 10/10 to them.Hope see you guys again on a trek soon. Thank you!
We just returned from Hampta trek and wanted to tell you what an absolutely awesome time we had. You guys were very much responsible from booking to drop off after the hike. I wanted to express my appreciation for our guide/trek leadDinesh Bhaiya who did a phenomenal job. Salman's meet just before the trek was very informative and helpful for the group. Definitely food by Nanu was the best part of our trip. Thanks guys for making surprise birthday cake and those yummy sweets. Hampta trail was a beautiful and lifetime experience for us and the best one to start with as a beginners to Himalayas.Though it was girls only group, we did not face any kind of difficulty during our trek or stay. It was perfectly safe and I would highly recommend trekmunk to anyone. You guys made our trip a life time memorable one.
My family of four did the Markha Valley Trek in late May/early June 2019 and had a great experience. The Trekmunk guys did a great job of coordinating registration, flights, etc. with us beforehand and were always available for all our last minute questions and concerns. The trek itself was gorgeous, challenging and a wonderful family experience. Trekmunk prides itself on being India's most "offbeat" trekking company -- this certainly rings true in that nothing is sterilized, orderly or without its quirks! Our local guides (hired by Trekmunk) were extremely knowledgeable about the area, safety on the mountain, and the flora/fauna. They were often happy to let us go ahead and figure out the best way to cross a river, or edge along a narrow mountain trail on our own. We loved it, as it presented a fun, exhilarating and adventurous alternative to city life and comparatively tame national parks, etc., where everything is marked and hand-railed. It may not be for everyone, but we enjoyed it to the max. I have to say, I was blown away most by Trekmunk's service after returning from the trek. My father had left his eyeglasses in the hotel (booked by Trekmunk and included in the package), which we only realized after reaching the airport. I was unable to get in touch with our main guide, so called the main Trekmunk number. Mohit, who had been coordinating with us the whole time, was an amazing help despite it being a Sunday morning. He called the hotel, and within twenty minutes the hotel owner had driven to the airport and dropped off the glasses just in time for us to board the plane! Truly outstanding on behalf of both Trekmunk and their local partner.
I booked my customized trek to sar pass with trekmunk after going through the reviews of many companies. And for sure I was NOT disappointed that I opted for trekmunk.  Their planning of the whole itinerary was meticulous and organized.  The guides they had hired for us were outstanding and experienced which makes all the difference up in the mountains.In fact we encountered extremely bad weather. We were stranded up at the last camp at Nagaru ( 12800 feet) for 20 hours.  It was the guides who made our those hours bearable and gave us hope..and the minute there was a little respite from the blizzard, they help us descend back down with safety. The ratio of the guides to clients is what made all the difference.  Because the descent was really tricky and dangerous but trekmunk guides made it a cakewalk for us. Literally making a trail for us to step into. A big thank you to Nanak, Raman and Sahil..our friends, guides and companions up in the mountains. Trekmunk rocks.
Hello from Pune!My first Himalayan trek and camping experience with trekmunk,sleeping right under the millions of stars and next to the roaring river.Drank water from the flowing stream,Experienced the stormy rainy night inthe cozy tent. Cozy homestay at Oslla, tranquill Village on the Himalayan slopes.5 days, 54 km up and down the hills and altitude of 11800ft close to zero degree temp and lots of snow.It was tough but if you have Trekmunk as your travel guru it's easy. Mohit is an excellent trek guide and Rajesh and Mamcha our trek guides helped a lot to finish the trek. All the arrangements from the Trekmunk were excellent!Food I can give five stars to them.looking forward for another trek with trekmunk.P.S. you need to little careful about Mohit,he can hit you with a snowball at Harkidhun
This Himalayan trek was my best so far.Enjoyed every single day.I'm already looking forward to my next big trek with Trekmunk. After some serious search we closed on Trekmunk amongst all others out there.Loved going through their lively website which was unique in many ways.It was amazing the way they took us through preparing for the trek. Oshank and Mohit!These guys were really awesome,professional and fun to communicate. Trekmunk kept tabs on our fitness,sent mails on the documents required from our end, check-list on what to bring and not to bring for a high-altitude trek, how to wear right while trekking 'wear them in layers' and the clothing for the freezing night-overs in the tents. 5 support staff, a lively trek leader. The friendly local guides all took good care of us even respecting each ones walking pace. We were served yummy hot food ( never repeated ) and deserts. Daily well-being checks were carried out. We were given good camping equipments and we used eco-bags to dump waste taking care against environment degradation along the trekking route. I would recommend Trekmunk to anyone who is looking to trek. If not already done do get started! It sure would be a well organized memorable experience loaded with wonderlust wanting you to do more with Trekmunk.
Trekking of Har ki Dun will be my most memorable trip. All thanks to Mohit & his group. We were 2 friends who wasn't a part of Trekmunk but their hospitality won our heart. All the best brother. You will be always on my priority list for any further trekking. 
Being my first trek in India, first with a big group AND first time in tents, I had a lot of apprehensions. All fears disappeared from day 1. Mohit and his team took great care and made sure we had a wonderful time. Even in the planning stage, Oshank addressed all our concerns and ensured that we were well prepared for the trek. The 2 local guides, Rajesh and Mamchand, were a wonderful company with all their help, jokes and insights into the local life. Thank you, Team Trekmunk, for everything.  I look forward to more treks with you guys:)P.S.: The food provided by Trekmunk is ample, hot, freshly prepared and so great in taste, that if you are expecting to lose some weight, think again!
It was my 1st trekking experience with trekmunk. I really enjoyed the trek and would appreciate the efforts of Mohit as trek leader. The food was superb.The coordinator who were with us walking with us supported well in our trek. This type of team would always make our moments memorable.Thank you Trekmunk.
Had a simply great trek with Trekmunk. All arrangements were superb. The group leaders and the guides made it a point to take us safely to our destination ,Har ki dun , & back. We had packed lunch ,the breakfast & evening snacks dinner was hot & yummy. Beyond our expectation.Three cheers to Trekmunk, may you achieve bigger & bigger heights. Mohit 
It was simply a fantastic experience for me. The Trekmunk team exceeded all the expectations of me and my wife who were the first time Himalayan treckers. Overall the care taken by staff, tents, sleeping Bags, food quality, decipline during the entire trek period was excellent. If I want to rate the team and Trekmunk it will be 5/5.Looks exaggerated but I actually mean it. It is best for the beginners and also for expert treckers. All the best to Trekmunk.
I went with Trekmunk to Har ki dun trek and I had a lot of fun. The team was worth appreciating and all the arrangements were pitch perfect. I loved everything especially the tents and food and the of course the whole Team. Thank you guys for a great experience.
Great guides ,Wonderful food, awesome camps, epic views, fun experience. Thats all i was looking for.Trekmunk rocks!
Fantastic arrangements by Trekmunk. Guides were too helpful and food was amazing. Had the best experience.
Tents were clean, food was superb and great team. Thats all matters to me during the trek. Had a good experience with trekmunk. I would Definitely recommend trekmunk.
Just back from a trek to Tungnath and Chandrashila peak. My second one with Trekmunk. It was a wonderful experience and the care Salman and his team took to make it smooth sailing was amazing.. The food was excellent and though it rained and snowed we never worried and were comfortable. Looking forward to my next trek already
Had an enjoyable and awesome time hiking with Trekmunk to Chandrashilla Trek. Everything was well organised n coordinated and the guides make sure all our needs are well taken care of. Will definitely join them for another hike soon n recommend them to anyone who's looking to hike in India !
We did a beautiful trek to sandakphu. The food was good and salman was knowledgeable and expeienced trek leader. He took good care of us, understood our humor, respected our pace, we had soo much fun!!Thanks to trekmunk for the best trek ever.
There was not a single loop hole according to me in this camp. The organisers were very cooperative plus the services offered were amazing
It was damn amazing experience with trekmunk,they had it all arranged so well,the food was very tasty,tents were very clean, over all it was fun and had a very cool company of all of them.
Very well organised and the flow was very smooth and we were given our own freedom for enjoying as much as we wanted.
It was an excellent experience camping with trekmunk.The arrangements and food was good and had an awesome and good trip.
They were the perfect team to handle a.crowd of abt 200 peepsThey are just awesome Loved it........
The best camp I've ever had. Barbeque was amazing and even the camp fire. Would love to suggest these organisers for such camps
Trekmunk organised a custom trek to Chandrashilla for my family on new years eve. Something i wanted to celebrate with my family and didnt want to opt big size groups. Arrangements were excellent and food was delicious. We can absolutely recommend trekmunk for everyone.
Trekmunk is the best way to experience your trekking journey in the Himalayas. I was part of the Sandakphu Trek, and I must say it was a very satisfying journey.  Food was delicious and arrangement were all good. Totally worth it!!! Would recommend Trekmunk to my friends and family for sure.
We had a great experience trekking with trekmunk. All the arrangements of camping and food was spot on. We would definitely trek again soon.
It was my first Himalayan trek and it wouldn't have been better than this. The trek leader was friendly and makes you aware about everything required to make the trek successful.I would definitely recommend everyone to go on treks with trekmunk.
I went to Brahmatal trek with trekmunk in December 2018. Everything was up to the expectations and the trek leader was amazing. I went with them after reading the reviews which was justified on the trek. Looking forward for another trek with them soon.
We went for the trek through TrekMunk based on the great reviews we had heard. The experienced we had was true to what we had heard. TrekMunk provided us assistance / guidance from the very beginning. Be it the questions regarding things to bring, assistance with alternative arrangements for getting to Lohjung or getting extra cups of tea when required. As kick off for the journey, the guide provided tips for the trek (how to manage luggage, weight etc.),  and given the small group organized (of ~15 as opposed to 30+ groups) which allowed us to enjoy our walk at our own pace).The trek was an great experience, amazing food arrangements (got surprises everyday even at the remote locations!). Most importantly, the evening was a great time to interact with not just our fellow travelers but to listen to the stories / jokes of the locals and guides we traveled with.
Great experience, highly recommended. The staff and trek leader were very professional. I would love to join again on some trek in July.
This was my first experience with a high altitude trek. I was psyched about it and worried that I won't be able to pull off a 4 day trek. But the trek was more like a holiday thanks to the planning and the arrangements by Trek Munk. Loved the experience and the care they took.
I chose Trekmunk entirely based on their positive reviews. And I could instantly relate to the good reviews. They were very helpful and provided tips for booking.Then the best part, Totally customised trek. It cant get better. What to eat, when and where its all decided by us!Very professional and helpful trek leader accompanied by guide, and a very good cook.The food was awesome. Moreover we got a dining tent with chairs and table to eat on.We could decide where our camp site would be and the trekmunk team was happy to accommodate our request. They took care of special request such as if anybody didnt like wheat then they provided millet flour for us.I would definitely recommend them, the experience was worth every penny.Dont have second thoughts if you are wanting to choose them as your partner in crime. :D
Sandakphu..the place God himself created with great precision. I was fortunate enough to see this place through the eyes of Trekmunk. The epitome of hospitality could be seen in the indigenous cuisine, fabulous accommodation and to meet good hearted people. On the top of everything, the landscape brought the best imagination out of me. I on my personal level would recommend Trekmunk to you.
I went to Markha Valley trek with trekmunk. It was a customized trek for winter markha valley trek, everything was arranged as per our requirements and the equipement was really good. The trek leader was a professional and very caring. Thanks Trekmunk for giving us memories.
My wife and I went on a customized trek to Brahmatal in December. This was my first trek with Trekmunk. I have previously trekked with Indiahikes couple of times. We had a wonderful time with Mohit, the founder of trekmunk, who was our trek lead. They were very accomodative of changes requested in terms of number of people and travel dates. We also got the flexibility to spend more time at places during the trek. While I have enjoyed my trips with Indiahikes, this trek gave us the experience in travelling in smaller groups and the benefits of that - more time to enjoy the serenity of the mountains, no hurry to get moving, like minded group of travellers, etc. Additionally, some of the luxuries of a smaller group as well - more warm water on demand, a nice little camping table and chairs, 2 people to a tent etc. Overall, a great experience.
Trekmunk organised a customised trek to sham valley for me and my husband. It was a good experience altogether. Food was really good. Would definitely plan our next trip with them.
I went to sham valley trek with my wife with trekmunk and had a good experience. Tents were clearly and in good condition and our guide Lapu was fun to trek with. Altogether it was a great experience. Will definitely plan our next trek with trekmunk.
I went with Ladakh on a Bike trip with Trekmunk. The whole experience was awesome. The equipements, the arrangements, the leadership and the team was professional. Hoping to go for another adventure with them.
I trekked with Trekmunk to Markha Valley trek with friends. It was very well managed with professional team and our comfort was taken care of really well. I would surely recommend trekmunk to all trekkers.
Backpacked with them to the hornbill festival in nagaland last year. They are really insane travellers as they call themselves. These bunch of crazies help you level up your craziness untill you can enjoy to the very best of your capabilities. Planning to do a trek with them very soon.
Did a bike trip to ladakh with them this summer. The staff was amazing and gave us freedom to explore the place ourselves on a few days. They were very helpful throughout the ride and were always present if there was any emergency. Planning to do the north east india bike trip with them next summer. So excited. 10 out of 5 starts.
Meghalaya- Scotland of east could be witnessed for what it is only because of well planning and execution of the trip by Team Trekmunk. As these guys have themselves stayed and scanned meghalaya for two good months hence were well equipped to guide us.The backpacking trip included jungle trek..trek to double decker bridge.. natural swimming pool.. caving expedition and trek to origin of nokalikai falls ... Was an everlasting...funfilled experience.. Definetely Trekmunk is recommendable..
Just finished a 8 days long trek with friends and their families. Thoroughly enjoyed the entire adventure which included trek to Nongriat double decker root bridge, cave explorations, canoneering and such activities. Well organised and structured approach by Trekmunk helped a lot. Experienced and helpful trek leader and the support team. Highly recommended.
Really had an awesome experience on our trip to meghalaya..Mohit Goswami from Trekmunk pvt Ltd arranged our trip very well and took us to the places I never dreamt I will visit. Every day we had an amazing adventure and we all enjoyed it to the core. Thanks again Mohit..
We had 7 days full of activities like trekking,visiting waterfalls and natural swimming pools, caving, kayaking as well as site seeing, camping some wonderful locations in Meghalaya. Trekmunk had organized it very well, with perfect locations of staying, very safe leading in adventure activities and total engagement with all of us .. i highly recommend Trekmunk for holidaying in Meghalaya for families and couples.of all ages and enjoy this wonderful part of our country.
I am a passionate trekker and have trekkedd with india hikes and alot of other famous organisations but i havent met anyone like the trekmunk team. The are willing to go off beat and take you off track from the main stream treks. Did friendship peak with them in a customised batch of just 2 people. Just one word. Awesome!
Recently did sandakphu phalut with trekmunk. It was a great experience and the best thing was the trek leaders compassion. Everything from the  to the finish was very well organised. Kuddos to the entire team. Coming back for more very soon
Trekmunk planned our trip to Meghalaya which included a jungle trek and an caving expedition along with sight seeing. We thoroughly enjoyed our trip. The caving expedition was  stupendous.
Mind blowing Experience of Jungle Trek , double Decker living roots bridges and other sites. Beautiful scenery and lively through-out the trek. Thanks a lot to Trekmunk and Specially Mohit to not to let the spirit go down especially when we had steep slops to climb . The Guides were really good . Accommodation was really Cool..and It was absolutely Fun to be close to nature with Trekmunk.
It was an awesome experience. Really loved it. I had so much fun,will surely do another trek with Trekmunk :)
Trekmunk have personally experienced the place and recommended us . They  find the best and unique things wherever they explore. This is my third experience with them . I highly recommend.
Enjoyed the Trek. The facilities were great. Holiday teamed with Trek, good experience. I would love to trek with Trekmunk again.
Very good arrangement. Enjoyed the caving expedition. Don’t miss the origin of Naukalikai falls. The jungle trek was testing but enjoyable at the same time.
Did markha valley with them. Totally offbeat and the right amount of adventurous. Very professional team. 100% recommended.
Great team and staff with  great amount of knowledge. Recently did markha valley in a customised batch. Amazing level of detail to their work and immense love for the mountains. Definately will recommend to everybody.
It was an excellent vacation customized for us by Trekmunk . We went exclusive. Everything was properly arranged and our guide Ram Singh really made us feel at home. The trek itself is not easy - the degree of difficulty is quite high but it was fun , especially to see Kanchenjunga from such a short aerial distance.
We had a customized trek for the two of us. The help, response, guidance and assistance from Trekmunk was prompt. The four people accompanying us - the guide, cook, helper and driver were all cheerful, friendly locals who made our experience cherishable. Our guide, Stanzin Lapu fed us with lot of interesting information about the villages, customs and lifestyle of the locals. The food was very well prepared throughout the trek. The trek itself took us along some beautiful trails. It is perfect for beginners and for people who haven't been to high altitude areas. The max height one would gain is about 13000 feet. It was an enthralling experience overall! Hope to get on the snow leopard trail with Trekmunk soon!
We were a family of 3 that went on the Deotibba Base Camp trek- as advised by TrekMunk- it was a beautiful route with stunning views of the mountains. The team is helpful and very professional and helped design a comfortable, customized trip for us.
We were a group of friends who wanted to trek without joining other group and requested a different diet that eating those sugary and oily food other companies provide. Minit helped us plan our customised trek according to our needs. Very satisfied with all the services and quality of food and equipment provided. 
We went on a trek with our family.. It was a great experience. Everything from food to equipment was amazing. We will trek again soon... 
Very good and professional people to trek with. Their equipment is also very professional as well. We specially asked for customised group because we needed different diet and facilities. We were provided with Coleman expedition tents which are US manufactured and so much better quality (5000 mm waterproof) than Quechua and other cheap chinese brands(300-600 mm waterproof) most Indian companies use. We used to go with other popular companies on treks when Trekmunk was not here, but they are really​ upping the game in just not even two years since they started. We trekked with another popular company in Uttrakhand but their equipment was so poor quality(tents were from a brand named something like Hillman), the water used to get in the tent every night and trek leaders and staff used to give lame excuses we may have left the bottle open or it's just our body condensation. But this time, when it used to rain a lot in Kashmir, I was fully prepared for waking up in a pool, but Trekmunk tents were on my surprise "Bone dry". Also they were using a 10 men rectangle shaped camping tent with 7 ft headroom just for gatherings and dinning rather than using a local made dinning tent which have little to none space to stand up. And not to mention their big canopy...Really amazed by the service and hospitality... way to go team Trekmunk... Would trek with you soon again...
We have done a trek with Trekmunk in Kashmir and one private backpacking trip in North East India. Both were equally amazing but unique experience. Despite the usual portrayal about Kashmir in media, we decided to visit with our family and chose Trekmunk because one of the relative of ours recommended it. And after reading so many (probably all) good reviews about them everywhere, we decided to go with them. Their whole staff in Kashmir made us feel at home. While coming we were stopped at the Jawahar tunnel and here too they helped us out by calling some favors from officials. All the services were beyond expectations because we trekked with other companies before (Indiahike and others) but here the equipment, the food and trek leaders everything was really amazing. I don't usually write reviews but Trekmunk really made us feel at home in the Himalayas so atleast I can make a little effort. Highly recommended... 
The trek was wonderfully managed and we had a great time. Highly recommend it to the ones looking for a good trek experience.
Trekmunk organised a 7 day trek for my brother any I around the stunning Great Lakes. They were great to deal with - Mohit was very patient and not pushy at all before we made our decision to go. And it was a couple of weeks of emails going back and forth!Everything was well organised and run, from Srinagar and back. There was a bit of confusion over who our guide was, but in the end Mohd Iqbal was great. Again, patient, esp with a slow hiker like me! The Cook and Pony Boy were friendly and funny, and all 5 of us bonded over the 7 days. Food was great, esp in such beautiful countryside. They went out of their way to return my jacket to Srinagar after it was left in the guide's bag.Highly recommend this trek and these guys.I have sore feet and a happy soul - thanks Trekmunk!!
The trek was brilliantly organized and was fun to be a part of it. Certainly felt lucky when the snow came on! Recommended 
Valley of flowers trek was an amazing experience with trekmunk. Great service and honestly worth every buck. Thank you Oshank and the staff for the amazing experience. Coming back gor more
Very well organised with experienced guides who were quite helpful.. Quality of food was very good. The equipments spexially the tents were wonderful and kept us warm. Overall it was a wonderful trek.
Great experience. Great staff. Great trek leader and great food. Kuddos to them. Looking forward for another trek.
Best Advice and Best Trip organized, Wverything was on time well managed, Hotel was one the best with the best view ever
Did a trek with them. Great experience. Would totally recommend them to any hiker beginener or pro!!
We booked a trek to Valley of Flowers with Trekmunk from 20/08/2018 to 25/08/2018 looking at their good reviews. It was supposed to be a personal tour for me and my wife and we made the full payment 1 month in advance. But despite repeated requests to send us the booking confirmations, Mohit kept on delaying it asking us not to worry. Then suddenly on the day before the trip, Mohit called me to say that I had to arrange for my transportation to and from Haridwar to Govindghat myself and they had made no arrangements although our itinerary clearly mentioned pickup and drop from Haridwar. After several phone calls to and fro with Mohit and Oshank, they finally agreed to "try and arrange" a shared taxi for us (This despite our tour being booked as a private tour for only 2 people).Oshank simply said that if we don't take a shared cab, they won't pay for our transport.  But they failed to arrange even that. While we were lucky to have a shared taxi for our journey from Haridwar to Joshimath, on the return leg they simply said that cabs aren't available and i either had to find a cab myself or take the bus. Eventually I was forced to catch a state transport bus at 5am from Joshimath. I had to walk alone with my wife to the bus stand at 4am in the morning carrying my luggage in an unknown area. The only thing Trekmunk did was offer us the bus fare. When i contacted Mohit saying that they should have at least booked a shared cab for us rather than leaving us with no arrangements, he simply said he was sorry. His unprofessional and careless attitude almost ruined our trip.If you plan to book with Trekmunk, please confirm everything beforehand and ask them for booking confirmations for everything well before your trip. DON'T FALL INTO THEIR TRAP WHEN THEY SAY THAT ALL BOOKINGS ARE DONE. Ask them to mail the confirmations if you don't want to get stranded on the road. While they talk very friendly and seem quite good on the phone, they are highly careless and unprofessional towards their clients.
We booked the Stok Kangri trek from Trekmunk for the batch of 18th to 25th Aug 2018. The communication with the Trekmunk's team was robust and they responded promptly to all the queries we had for the trek.During the trek to the base camp, the crew took good care of us. The food was awesome and the chef ensured that all of us were well-fed. The instructions about the itinerary and safety were clear from the trek leaders - Salman, Sonam and Lappu.The summit day was extremely challenging. Unfortunately, despite the extreme efforts by the guides to boost my motivation, I had to give up at a certain point. Salman decided to come down with me and made sure I returned safely to the base camp.Overall, I would say it was very well coordinated. I would definitely go on another trek with Trekmunk and would also recommend my friends to go with them.
The trek arranged by the trek munk team was absolutely amazing. It was very professional and safe! And the food was amazing. If anyone is planning a personalised trek , then Trek munk is the way to go! Over all the experience was beautiful and the surly surpassed our expectations!
Recently did a trek with the team and I couldn’t appreciate them more. The services were amazing and it couldn’t be more sorted. We had a customised batch to hampta pass trek and All the details were transparent. Will definitely recommend them to everyone.
Trekmunk arranged a trek for Stok Kangri from 18/08/18 to 25/08/18.1)  In terms of Food, it was like exotic fusion of Ladakhi, Western and Indian cuisine      with a daily dose of surprises. No repeats and no boring Dal & Chawal.                  2)  Trek leader Salman was a Leader in real sense personally ensured safety and       security of all trekkers. Talked less did more.3)  Trek guides Lappu & Sonam were very professional. Lappu has other       thrilling options  like rock climbing, rafting etc which he offered us at a very low       price just because we had a reference of  Harshit & Oshank .    overall it was a well coordinated, well planned, well managed excellent Trek     arranged by Trekmunk..
It was a personalised trip for seven and Oshank ensured we were in good shape and even better humour, and that we ate and hydrated well. The laggards weren’t pressured to go faster, and the leaders were encouraged to lead. By the end of the journey, Oshank and team had made friends with the whole group and taught us a thing or two about teamwork and packing light.
We went to the Tarsar Marsar trek via Trekmunk in August 2018.We chose Trekmunk as we wanted to trek with only our small group of 7-8 people instead of a larger crowd. The trek was excellently organized with first rate equipment, food and facilities. The support crew were very friendly and obliging. Our trek leader was Oshank, one of the founders. He was easy going and fun and yet paid attention to each of us individually ensuring that we were safe and sound. Had a wonderful experience!
Trekmunk is a professional run organisation, enabled the hassle free trek. I like the their dedication in enhancing the experience for trekkers like us. Their equipment (tents, sleeping bags) were in good condition and well cleaned, hospitality of staff was great, be it food or logistics and timing was excellent. We would love to be coming back to them for many adventures in future.
So I did Tarsar Marsar trek with Trekmunk, it was my first trek and I am glad i did it with them. They made the whole experience a great one. They made sure that each member of the group is comfortable and enjoying the trek. No one was left unattended at any point of time and they kept a vigilant eye on the health of all the members. I personally enjoyed this trek a lot and can't wait for my next trek with these guys.
Wonderful and d app keep up the good work I would love to use it time and again experience of a lifetime
I visited with the team twice, and have been excellent experience with the team, would go again with them for the track next year.Their years of experience have been guiding and helpful in concluding safe and wonderful treks.
Had a great time.. Very well behaved staff and the management.. Excellent food and nice location....
Very few companies provide experience based activities which are off beat and not generic.... Trekmunk is for people who want to experience real nature and adventure.... Professionally managed and accurately priced... I found this company stand out in the sea of so many service providers
A small but very energetic team working hard to make sure your trek is as enjoyable as possible without breaking bank! Enjoyed a lot. They are highly recommended
Just trekked Kashmir Great Lakes with these guys - it was an amazing experience. It was so well organised, all the equipment provided was really good quality, and the guys are really experienced. Would highly recommend them!
No words for this bike trip from Srinagar to Leh. One should experience it to feel it and all this because of the management of Trekmunk especially Mohit and Harshit whose efforts even made the hardest of the ride exciting adventurous and above all safe. Although some hindrances which is quite common like bike issues and medical problems arose with our co-riders but I liked the way these two guys handled it dexterously. I went with one of my best friends and came with a lot more and the trip turned out to be memories which can be cherished for a lifetime. Thanks team Trekmunk for giving me a wonderful experience.
Perhaps the best trekking experience possible. Truly off-beat considering it pushed us to the best of our abilities instead of focusing on comfort like most other trek groups are doing. They did spoil us with the amazing food and amazing trek guides. 11/10 would ask them to organise our next trek.
We were a group of 12 who went with trekmunk to Hampta pass which was a 4 day trek. It was an amazing experience which trekmunk added to by subjecting us to extreme pampering safety and food wise. Salman and his team were extremely capable and ensured that everyone was having a great time.
It was an excellent experience, would definately go on another trek with you iall the facilites were upto the mark. good team  !
Did kashmir great lakes trek with them and have to mention how perfectly they executed the operation. Everything was great and every minor detail was kept in mind. Great team. Totally worth every rupee.
Kashmir great lakes trekk was indeed a nice trek on the Himalayan trails enjoying floura fauna  mountain lakes all along... Trekk munk the hiking team with an effecient and experienced team leadership have to be mentioned without them it was no easy task...it is just a review but actual you have to be there...as words are not enough or no words...to review...Regards Prashanth "Om trekkers"m'lore and puttur
It was wonderful experience in our Kashmir great lakes trek with OM trekkers organized by Trekmunk. all the supporting staff, cooking staff, guides,trek leaders were very supportive & friendly.our team along with 3 young trekkers (kids) enjoyed the trek at the fullest.thank u trekmunk /Harshith for the amazing trip.
hi trekmunk,you made trekking easy and your arrangement like tents , sleeping bag and dining hall were excellent food was delicious enjoyed a lot with beautiful nature and hoping to join next year as well
Best ever experienceThe crumeber are so helpful and hard working .the food is great and arajmente is good
Trekking with Trekmunk was awesome...  very good arrangements and proper guidance throughout trekking made me very much comfortable with Trekmunk. There are so many groups/agents doing business but with Trekmunk feels like family. I brought bunch of sweet memories from GLK(great lakes of kashimr ) Thank you team Trekmunk .
It was truly memorable experience had Kashmir great lake trecking.Had enjoy each foot step from sonmargh -gangabal to narang with great caring people's...Kishansar lake to gadsar lake pass which is highest altitude 13,750 ft is one of the best I've accomplished..Did a 6day/5night trek from Sonamarg to Gangabal to Naranag -- and it was probably the most packed trek I have ever done..I special thanks each one of us from team mates and truck munk organizer Without these people it can't be done very successfully....I recommend this treck is gonna be the best for new to start and with family and friends..
It wouldn't be an exaggeration to declare that one of the best treks I have been to has happened with Trekmunk! Every trek company promises to deliver their best and to an extent they succeed in it, But there are a few who become preferred and a choice for their efforts to make your trek one of the best memorySo is with Trekmunk !These people are not only strong in technical, logistical and administration aspect but they make sure to give you with the minute details of the trek and best facilities for making it utmost thrilling and fruitful experience to an individual.  Their expertise in this field and immense regard for mountains make them stand out. Thank you Oshank , Harshit ,Mohit and the entire team working with Trekmunk for this wonderful experience , more power to you guys Looking forward to traveling more with you. 
I recently had my first trek with Trekmunk and had the most memorable experience with them. A big shout out to the Trekmunk team - Run by the dymanic trio (Oshank, Harshit and Mohit) for making my first ever trek so comfortable and amazing. The guidance and support I got from the team is commendable. Being on my first trek, I was visibly very anxious and nervous. Thanks to the team for calming me down and motivating me with the prep talks every now and then. They made the entire trek super comfortable, allowing me to get in sync and trek on my own pace. I'm grateful for the amazing trek leaders and their support - The logistics were very well planned. A special mention to the amazing food we were pampered with. The best part about the trek was to know more about the place and the stories the trek leaders entertained us with, every now and then. What fascinated me was to know more about the personal stories about the trek leaders - what motivated them to give up the fancy life everyone dreams of and getting into the travel space. Looking forward to going on many more treks with them and making great memories and friendships.Thanks to Trekmunk - I now have a family that I can count on!
last year on my birthday I decided to go their with my friends.It took 6-7 Hrs from delhi to reach mcleodganj by bus and when we reached their whether was so cool outside and we were ready with extra winter wears.It was so green and snowfall was also there at night. this place is best for tracking purpose and short trips.it was around 10 Km’s from Dharamshala so we went there as well.we enjoyed a lot there and I suggest all you guys to visit this place
I trekked to Kanamo peak with Trekmunk. It was the best I ever had. I have trekked with other organiser but I the experience Trekmunk provides is the best.
It was an amzing, beautiful trip  I must say everyone should experience this. I will join u guys for the next time also.
Wanted to celebrate my birthday in the mountains doing what i love and surrounded by people who mattered, which in my case was less, 6 to be exact. Trekmunk was the only company i could find who would customise a batch for us on dates of our choosing. They even discussed the menu for all the 6 days and took our opinions in.Cannot have asked for anything more than what they delivered. It was in fact, more than anybody of us expected. I got a pahadi cake for my birthday too. Can totally say that this was the best birthday of my life. Looking forward to trekking with them again..
I attended one of their workshops a few months back in decathlon and decided that this is the team i want to do my first trek with. They seemed so professional and equipped for any kind of emergency that i dint have to doubt them for a minute. Mohit took me through the whole process and explained everything to me personally when i was booking the trek.Further, the trek was all a cake walk(figuratively) in terms of the services and motivation. The leaders were amazing and so were the feedbachs of the entire batch.Way to go, team trekmunk.
Wanted to show my mom why I was so much into trekking and a friend referred trekmunk to me. She told me how caring the leaders of the organisation were and how they carry kids if they get a little too tired to push oldies when they give up.It was mom so i dint want anything to go wrong. Did my research, read the reviews and booked the next minute.The servies were great. *mom approved the food and said how they made me eat more than she does* Bringing me and my mom again to trek with the team. Recommend to everybody who wants to know what himalayas mean.
As many others, i was surfing the internet reading reviwes about different trekking organisations when i came across trekmunk. With hardly any bad reviews anywhere on the internet, i decided to choose them for doing my dream trek i.e: kgl. It is a difficult one and a bad trek leader/ guide was the last thing i wanted to worry about. From the first day, they totally mached my expectations and were very professional. The breifing was the best one i ever heard and they answered all our questions. From there, it was all smooth sailing. Hats off to the team. Definately meeting thrm atleast once every year.
I enrolled in trek for a cause venture by trekmunk where they target a social issue of the destination and wrap the trek around that. We went out to do a medical camp at har ki dun valley and i had never seen people so grateful for some basic medications that are so eaisly available to us. I cant stop thanking trekmunk enough for doing this and making a difference in the trekking industry. Where all the companies are figjting face first for money, these guys a herr curing people of the mountains and prooving hoe much they love their work which is more of a passion.Love the team and will forever be indebted to them.
Being trekking with them since they started almost 2 years back. Great to see how quickly they managed to get everything under control. Cannot depend my life on any other organisation, old or new. Trust the reviews and trust them. They will make your life turn 180° around.
Did hampta pass with them. Great service and amazing food. The best part was the trek leaders. Loved how friendly they were and not bossing you around. They were both very medically equipped for any sort of emergency too. Cheers to them
Great team. They are going to be big in the near future. Totally worth every penny and loved how humble the leaders were.
I did my hampta pass trek with trekmunk, it was my first high altitude trek and boy I'm glad that I did it with these guys , the whole trek was organized so professionally from start to finish, be it the food , the equipments, the way they take care of you when you feel scared or unsure of a long climb .They were amazing.  The trek leaders Salman Bhai, Oshank and Sonu instill such confidence in you and guide you at each step, where to slow down, how much water to drink , they have a solution to every tough nut problem that arises, they take less than 15 people and make sure everyone  is taken care of individually. I had an amazing experience and met new people on this trek thanks to team trekmunk for that and I'm planning on doing more treks with them and I would recommend trekmunk to anyone who wants a proper Himalayan experience without any compromises, amazing people , amazing equipment and there's always the mighty Himalaya to keep you company , what else would you need?
Recently did a trek with them and had to make sure their efforts go noticed. The team is just splendid and works with you until you complete the trek. To top it up, the food was amazing as well. Kuddos to trekmunk. Will surely be meeting them on treks to come.
There was nothing that i found to be under my bar of satisfaction. The trek was organised so professionally that nobody in the entire group of 15 had a single complaint. The trek leader was very understanding and always ready to help even if it was 3 in the night. Amazing team to rely on. Hats offAll the best for future !! Cheers 
Had an amazing experience wit TREKMUNK...best trekking company met so far...thrilling experience with d best trek guides n leaders...hoping to join dem again for an even more adventurous trek
Mohit is an amazing trekker. Takes you to places where others won't. I'd definitely be going for another solo trip with him.
Great guides, helped un see the beauty of all the things we hadn't even noticed. Best idea to go with a few close friends. Chill out and have fun.
It was my first trek in the Himalayas and it was with the Trekmunk team. I really liked the way they handled the trek journey wherein one of the trekleader lead from the front and made us push ourselves to max only for us to realize our true potential. At the same time , the other trekleader would be at the last of the trek group to ensure even the slowest is not left behind.   Thanks to Oshank , Salman , Sonu for all the arrangements and ensuring everything  went smooth throughout our trek . All in all it was a great experience trekking with them to Hampta Pass!
This was my first trek ever n solo too... being the first timer, I was quite skeptical initially on how the trip will be. But they nailed it! I had a great experience traveling with them and they made me feel like home, a small family infact. The team was amazing. Oshank, Salman and Sonu bhai are lovely people to trek with. Food, hospitality and saftey, all were well taken care...I will definitely be planning my next trek with them...
I am a frequent trekker and have trekked with other companies in the past but i have never been more satisfied. Kuddos to the entire team starting from the kitchen staff to the leaders and the guides. They were also medically very equipped. Totally recommend them for every age group.
Amazing services and great equipments. The trek leaders are all very experienced, supportive and inspiring. The trek was a total success and all thanks to the staff. The food was amazing too. No person was left behind and every person was kept high in their spirits. Beutiful experience, totally recommend them for and short or specially a long trek.
I approached TrekMunk after reviewing a lot of trekking companies for our custom 2 people vacation. I had no earlier interaction with Trekmunk and simply got in touch with them. The first thing that struck out was their responsiveness. Oshank called me himself and explained the entire trip in detail, patiently and create a custom package exactly the way we wanted. His followups were spaced out and he was very forthcoming about the trip details. We went to Brighu Lake, near Manali in June 2018.They also accommodated our dietary preferences and other requirements into the package. Their quotation was reasonable and we decided to go with it.No regrets whatsoever. Our Trek was well planned, well organised, and well manned by a very able Trek lead, Salman, who was well versed with the mountains, effects of the cold and heights on average blokes like us and was extremely gentle and patient while walking with us. His attention to safety was commendable.Same goes for Ram Singh, our cook who is a native and completely clued into the mountains. He cooked yummy food for us (was a treat actually), with desert as well. His support was also much required when he walked with us on the last day to Brighu LakeI would say we have thoroughly enjoyed our holiday with TrekMunk and would certainly go back with them. Highly recommended.
Great experience with team. First day we were solo travellers but on the last day we were a family never to apart ever.
We have been trekking in the Himalayas since a long time but this was our first trek to Leh and this we had 3 kids with us.. We had a great experience with Trekmunk.. Mohit and harshit and their team was really helpful and we could complete the trek without any hassles.. They made sure all the arrangements were upto the mark.. Very good food and hospitality.. Thanks trekmunk and their team.
It was phenomenal.An amazing experience indeed.Looking forward to many such treks.Thank you trekmunk :)
I recently did Bhrigu Lake trek with the team and I must admit, though this was my first trek, they were a bunch of passionate professionals who made us feel strong and always kept all the trekkers highly motivated. Anybody who lagged behind was taken into special consideration and one trek leader ensured that he/she was always moving forward. The food, the equipment, the guides and everything else that I cant seem to mention, was beyond what I or anybody would expect. I mean, gajaar ka halwa at 12,000 ft was an absolute delight and everybody over-ate. Also, they kept reminding us of how plastic is non biodegradable and encouraged us to pick up every and any trace of plastic we found on the trail or on the campsite. We had a special assigned task one evening to clean up plastic waste from a riverside and boy, it felt great. Summing it up, 100% recommended!!!!!!!!
Very well organised with wonderful guides who always help you during the trek. Quality of food is very good. Tents were set up which were wonderful and kept us warm.Overall it was a wonderful trek.
Bhrigu Lake trek was an amazing experience along with trek munk. Great hospitality and honestly worth the money. Thank you Oshank and team for this wonderful experience. Looking forward for more such treks like this.
A big THANKS to the Trekmunk team for making our very first high altitude trek a fantastic experience- especially since it was with our 8 yr old daughter. This 4 day trek was an eye opener for us into the world of multiple-day camping-trekking, and we’re hooked.. so we’ll be back for more. As for the Trekmunk team, I would say they are thorough professionals and Oshank, our trek leader, was very supportive right from the prep stage.. very patient, gave us all the right inputs to choose the right beginner trek which would not be too difficult for us and our daughter, helped us out with planning the trip from Bangalore, making on-ground arrangements even before the start of trek, as well as guiding us on what all to carry, etc.The experience with the trek guide, help and kitchen staff was outstanding as well. All arrangements were well in place by the time we reached each campsite, food was delicious with good variety at both camps..Kudos to the entire team for executing this trek very well. Will surely consider Trekmunk for our upcoming treks too. Good luck, and keep up the good work guys!
Mohit and Harshit, the trekmunk guide duo, ensured that one experiences the serenity of the magnanimous stok ranges in an unique way. They and their local crew were extremely patient and managed all - reluctant and enthusiastic hikers - in  our group well. They are explorers at heart and pushed the envelope a bit on being adventurous, but to just the right levels. They gave us an experience of a lifetime and I am sure I would recommend them to anyone who wants to do a backpacking-trekking trip. Thank you all at the trekmunk team for a wonderful and exhilarating hike in the mountains of leh- ladakh. Your team ensured all of us could feel the joy, walk a bit taller and yes, humble brag about having hiked and stood at an impressive height of 5km above mean sea level. Hoping to travel with you sometime in the future..soon.
This was my second trek with Trekmunk, and as before, the service was outstanding. Coupled with caution and care, there was nothing that could've gone better. A perfect mix of safety, freedom, affection, and inspiration, Trekmunk's treks are nothing short of miraculous.
Raw. Raw experience is what you're looking for when you decide to travel with trekmunk. If there's an insane bug in you who wants to get out of the comfort zone and push all boundaries, be assured that you will be in good company with these guys. I have hiked/travelled with them twice over the last one year, and it has been an absolute rocker of an experience, different from all the others i have subscribed to in the past! The trio running this adventure company is extremely driven, passionate and inspiring - Oshank, Mohit and Harshit prove that nothing is impossible! At the cost of sounding cliched, keep rocking guys and thanks for an insanely wonderful time on the Ladakh bike trip! (Srinagar-Kargil-Leh-Ladakh-Nubra-Pangong-Tsomoriri-Jespa-Manali-Delhi over 13 days for readers' info)I'm sold to your concepts for life :) And I highly recommend it to others. Can't wait for the next bout of insane! x All the best.
This trek was absolutely breathtaking throughout. The beautiful transition from tropical forest to snowy mountain peak meant, meant there was never a dull moment. The early days of picking strawberries, climbing trees and resting in grassy meadows soon gave way to standing high among circling vultures, skipping across precarious bridges and gazing skywards to the glaciers. I was blessed to have such great friends on this trek and would return in an instant. The trekmunk representatives  were absolute professionals, with never ending enthusiasm that gave confidence to our whole team. The entire trip was so well organised, I could just focus on enjoying the stunning surrounding while being very well taken care of! Looking forward to my next adventure with these inspirational guys! Thank you!
It was an amazing experience. Even it was my first trek, the team made me feel at home in the mountains. They are also very down to earth people. I can't compare with others because that was my first and only time in the Himalayas but I learned a lot here. It was more like I was learning experience. I did the trek now I'm planning a bike trip this year with TrekMunk not because of the name but because of the guys who run it.
Did an awesome road trip this summer from Leh to Manali with 7 other friends. Exploring Ladakh on bikes was a fantastic experience. Knowing that everything is so well taken care off makes the whole experience even more enjoyable. Highly highly recommended!!!
Thanks to them for making this trek so mesmerising. The trek leaders were beyond supportive, and there was almost nothing more that could've been done to make it better. Definitely booking more treks with them.
Amazing Services, Professional Attitude, Great Experience. Definitely recommend them for anyone looking for a Trek or a backpacking trip.
I did Chadar Trek  with Trekmunk last January... It was One of the best experiences of my life. We had very happening 6 days full of adventure,  thrill,  excitement and of course lots of Chilly winds... And I must say trekmunk guys are best in business, if you want to do any treks then there's no better people than them... Also to mention that I'm just 20 and it was my first high altitude trek and the way they handle every situations is absolutely amazing... Looking forward to join Trekmunk for more treks real soon...
Trek......what is the first thing comes to someone's mind for a word trek.Adventurous ,sporty ,risky ,mountain climbing and overall tiring.All these happens only and only one in a trek organizer which is TREKMUNK.Tiring process converts in Fun and motivation spirit at TrekMunkOne can enjoy the beautiful CampSite,set by team with unique tents.Awesome ,delicious and proper food by kitchenette department.Overall a motivational and helpful team ,trek leaders and mules staff.So we could complete the trek in time and without any casualty .Thanks to Harshit Patel and Oshank Soni for being a sporty trek leader
