Best Review(score = 0.9893):  I recently had my first trek with Trekmunk and had the most memorable experience with them. A big shout out to the Trekmunk team - Run by the dymanic trio (Oshank, Harshit and Mohit) for making my first ever trek so comfortable and amazing. The guidance and support I got from the team is commendable. Being on my first trek, I was visibly very anxious and nervous. Thanks to the team for calming me down and motivating me with the prep talks every now and then. They made the entire trek super comfortable, allowing me to get in sync and trek on my own pace. I'm grateful for the amazing trek leaders and their support - The logistics were very well planned. A special mention to the amazing food we were pampered with. The best part about the trek was to know more about the place and the stories the trek leaders entertained us with, every now and then. What fascinated me was to know more about the personal stories about the trek leaders - what motivated them to give up the fancy life everyone dreams of and getting into the travel space. Looking forward to going on many more treks with them and making great memories and friendships.Thanks to Trekmunk - I now have a family that I can count on!
Worst Review(score = -0.7782):  We booked a trek to Valley of Flowers with Trekmunk from 20/08/2018 to 25/08/2018 looking at their good reviews. It was supposed to be a personal tour for me and my wife and we made the full payment 1 month in advance. But despite repeated requests to send us the booking confirmations, Mohit kept on delaying it asking us not to worry. Then suddenly on the day before the trip, Mohit called me to say that I had to arrange for my transportation to and from Haridwar to Govindghat myself and they had made no arrangements although our itinerary clearly mentioned pickup and drop from Haridwar. After several phone calls to and fro with Mohit and Oshank, they finally agreed to "try and arrange" a shared taxi for us (This despite our tour being booked as a private tour for only 2 people).Oshank simply said that if we don't take a shared cab, they won't pay for our transport.  But they failed to arrange even that. While we were lucky to have a shared taxi for our journey from Haridwar to Joshimath, on the return leg they simply said that cabs aren't available and i either had to find a cab myself or take the bus. Eventually I was forced to catch a state transport bus at 5am from Joshimath. I had to walk alone with my wife to the bus stand at 4am in the morning carrying my luggage in an unknown area. The only thing Trekmunk did was offer us the bus fare. When i contacted Mohit saying that they should have at least booked a shared cab for us rather than leaving us with no arrangements, he simply said he was sorry. His unprofessional and careless attitude almost ruined our trip.If you plan to book with Trekmunk, please confirm everything beforehand and ask them for booking confirmations for everything well before your trip. DON'T FALL INTO THEIR TRAP WHEN THEY SAY THAT ALL BOOKINGS ARE DONE. Ask them to mail the confirmations if you don't want to get stranded on the road. While they talk very friendly and seem quite good on the phone, they are highly careless and unprofessional towards their clients.
